[OSDOCS#17174]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114085)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/compliance_operator/co-concepts/compliance-operator-understanding.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You can understand Compliance Operator profiles to select the appropriate compliance benchmarks for your {product-title} environment. Profiles target platform components, node configurations, or both depending on the compliance standard you need to meet.

Reviewer: I would leave the original paragraph. Is this short description AI generated? Might need QE review. Seems to introduce new information.

```suggestion
You can use Compliance Operator profiles to select the appropriate compliance benchmarks for your {product-title} environment. Profiles target platform components, node configurations, or both depending on the compliance standard you need to meet.

The Compliance Operator lets {product-title} administrators describe the required compliance state of a cluster and provides them with an overview of gaps and ways to remediate them. The Compliance Operator assesses compliance of both the Kubernetes API resources of {product-title}, as well as the nodes running the cluster. The Compliance Operator uses OpenSCAP, a NIST-certified tool, to scan and enforce security policies provided by the content.
```
